Workbook exporting utils. (#8)
ess-dmsc-dram/dmsc-school: README.md

# DMSC School Lecture Materials

## How to export workbook from lecture materials

There is a python script `update_workbook.py` to create a workbook(jupyter notebook) from the jupyter notebook lecture materials.

> If a jupyter notebook cell has a `solution` tag, it deletes the sources of the cell and leave `Try it yourself: ` message instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a jupyter notebook cell has a `solution` tag, it deletes the sources of the cell and leaves a message instead.
```
